A man has started a trouble again.
Why did he come to the Jumpei Mountain?
He's fighting with his wife.
I was surprised.
The woman came to the house to cry.
But she didn't want to go.
I'll tell you.
What?
You're kidding.
When we were coming, the woman came to the house to cry.
Now you're with them.
You're kidding.
You didn't even go to the house to cry.
There was a big fight with one of your injection machines.
I thought I'd tell you, but it's not the Tokyo area.
What are you talking about?
The 3rd stage of the Kyoto Chushinura is open.
I thought you'd come all the way here to see the Shikuma.
You're always talking about that.
You're a man who's lost his way.
But if you think about it, it's good.
I heard that it's in the back of Muko Island.
It's a place called Saki.
It's called Azausokuchi Village.
I'll tell you about it.
It's called the Iron Hatch.
It's a place where you can see iron bars.
I'm sorry, but I don't think there's anything like this in the world.
It's simple.
Nobody knows what it is.
I'm sorry.
The guy who took my stuff was a man who only had iron bars.
I have it.
Why did you lie to me?
I'm a man who only has iron bars.
I said I'd give you iron bars as a gift.
Where did you say that was an iron bar?
You did a bad thing.
The U.S. Army took the iron bars.
I told you many times not to lie to me.
He told me to become a ma generous person.
He said that it was impossible without familyhood.
If I had any friends, they would've热心
I grew up in another village.
I grew up andOK this was the way.
I grew up this way.
The house on the other side is a little further away.
It's a big house with a big pine tree.
What?
That's not good.
I'm not good either.
I didn't see it.
Wherever you ask, everyone lies.
This guy knows it took three years.
I don't care if you ask me if I saw it.
I don't care.
Or if you know, you can tell me.
What?
You don't know about the iron mine?
I'm the father.
I'm the god.
Where did you go?
I went to the temple.
I don't have a house here.
I'm going to wash the clothes on the other side of the house.
I said I'd wash it with soap.